# Board Meeting 23rd of February

### Opening of the meeting

Meeting opened at 17.16

Participants:
Daniel
Marcus
Ruslan
Louise
Jordan
Ali
Oscar

### Election of Secretary & Adjuster

Secretary - Louise
Adjuster - Jordan

### Approval of previous minutes
[Previous meetings available by that link](https://github.com/Kodkollektivet/documents/blob/master/meetings/Meetings%202021/26012021_board_meeting.md)

All approve.

### Approval of the Agenda

### New Board Member
- Meet Daniel

### Infrastructure
- 
### CodeHub
- Results/Impressions of John's presentation
- Is it worth trying ?

Only board members attended John's presentation. A few joined but left again.

Should we continue trying to do online codehubs?
If we find someone who wants to do a codehub we will host a codehub and stream it to youtube. 

### Marketing
- 
### Logistics
- 
### Treasurer + Account management
- 
### President & Vice
* Agreement with LinneKaren

We have signed agreement with LinneKåren.
We are obliged to send the notes from our annual meeting to them. 
We are obliged to attend their meetings (one per semester. Preferably we send a person that speaks swedish. 

### Upcoming activities/events

### Previous activities/events
- Walk and talk around the lake - results and impressions

Met with Daniel at Sigma. We have not found a project topic but we want to do a project with them. We will create a discord channel to discuss project ideas. 

### Office matters
 
### Other issues
### Meeting adjourned

Meeting adjourned at 17.47

### TODO