2016-11-29

## Attendance:

* John Herrlin
* Rasmus Sjöström
* Austin Ponten
* Alex Spottka
* Otto Bergman
* Abdi Ahmed
* Malte

## Meeting notes

* Contribe wants to have a small event with a select group of people.
  * UPDATE 06/12: This will be next year!

* Ventilabs wants to have a student pub Wednsday 13/12, 5-9 PM, as many students as possible.
  * UPDATE 06/12: John will create an FB event as soon as we have the info.

* Johan sends PlaynGo an email about some kind of event/cooperation.

* Statues are ready, Otto and Alex sends to Linnestudenterna
  * UPDATE: They have sent, but no replay yet! If no replay this week. Hit them harder.
  * UPDATE 21/11: Feedback from Linnestudenterna, some small changes needs to be made. Otto and Alex and Rasmus fixes.
  * UPDATE 29/11: Completed and sent.
  * UPDATE 06/12: No replay yet.

* CodeHub, Austin takes the responsible for it!
  * We are interested in NodeJS talks/lecuters from Sebestian.
  * UPDATE 06/12: Few people showed up, how can we improve? John wanna do a introduction to Docker.

* John will fix the website.
  * UPDATE 21/11: Not done, Rasmus and John fixes.
  * UPDATE 29/11: First CodeHub will be held this evening.
  * UPDATE 06/12: Nothing done yet.

* Email addresses:
  * John talks to Smelink.
  * UPDATE 29/11: John calls Smelink until next week.
  * UPDATE 06/12: Nothing done yet. John will add alias for personal addresses.

* Fortnox hackathon 21 Dec.
  * John checks more info.
  * UPDATE 06/12: Nothing done yet, do people wanna go?
    * Otto wanna go.

* IEC, Hackathon about health
  * March
  * http://developer.halsaformig.se/

