2016-11-21

## Attendance:

* John Herrlin
* Rasmus Sjöström
* Johan Rovalla
* Austin Ponten
* Alex Spottka
* Malte Dammann
* Otto Bergman
* Peter Danielsson
* Vahida Ahmic
* Abdi

## Meeting notes

* Statues are ready, Otto and Alex sends to Linnestudenterna
  * UPDATE: They have sent, but no replay yet! If no replay this week. Hit them harder.
  * UPDATE 21/11: Feedback from Linnestudenterna, some small changes needs to be made. Otto and Alex and Rasmus fixes.

* 3-4 December, hackathon with car stuff. John talks to Plug/Gusto
  * UPDATE: John will fix this before wednesday.
  * UPDATE 21/11: No response from the company.

* Johan and John with Visma this week.
  * UPDATE: We have got no response. Johan sending a new replay to them now.
  * UPDATE 21/11: Event is created, people need to attend, not say maybe.
  
* CodeHub, Austin takes the responsible for it!
  * We are interested in NodeJS talks/lecuters from Sebestian.

* John will fix the website.
  * UPDATE 21/11: Not done, Rasmus and John fixes.

* Email addresses:
  * John talks to Smelink.

* Fortnox hackathon 21 Dec.
  * John checks more info.