DATE: <2017-09-12 Tue 17:00>

* Positions for this meeting:

   - President: John Herrlin
   - Secretary: Michael Johansson
   - Adjustor: Alex Spottka

* Attendants:

   - Chris
   - Alex Spottka
   - Michael Johansson
   - Vahida
   - Rasmus Sjöström
   - Otto Bergman


 * Agenda

 ** Member system

    John talkes to Fortnox.
    Also for accountant software.
    Swish.

 ** Bank account

    John will mail Swedbank.

 ** Stora IT-kompetensdagen

    Michael talks to Diana.
    ** Lunch lectures

    This companies will be at Stora IT-kompetensdagen and it would be nice if we could have
    lunch seminars with them before.

         - Tecnau
         - Gears of leo
         - Infomaker Scandinavia
         - Fortnox
         - Visma
         - Play'n Go
         - IST
         - Cybercom Sweden

         Ask diana about wexnet, griffel and other ISP (hardware companies)

 ** Welcome fair

    Good Event, next time better preperations and giveaway.

 ** Standout

    React lecture with food and drinks.
    26-28 Sep.
    17:30.
    John main responsible.

 ** Global Entrepreneurship Week Dayhack

    Dagshackathon.

    Global Entrepreneurship Week, 13-19 Nov Måndag - Söndag, vad sägs om Lördagen 18?

    Drivhuset är det som driver det.
    Videum är med på ett hörn med en nätverksträff.

    Kör det på biljettkiosken för anmälan, brandad med Kodkollektivet.

    Köra det under en dag:
    09:00 Start och into, enkel macka.
    12:00 Lunch
    17:00 Presentation
    18:00 Middag och dryck

    Få med någon ifrån kodkollektiv2et till en styrgrupp, Vahida?
    Vahida, kolla med EBD. Erik Rosell kan vara bra.
    Fixa studenter som är sugna.
    Tanken är att bygga grupper på 4 pers med 2 utvecklare och 2 EBDare.
    Sedan är det en panel som bestämmer.

    Vi räknar med ~20 studenter.

    Sätta ihop en panel där sponsor också kan få sitta med.

    !!!!UPDATE!!!!! 12/9 - 2017
    EHVS want payment for advertisments, maybe posters are better.
    Meeting again 13/9 -2017
    Problem for event something about some communityproblem.
    Chris is interested to join.

** CodeHub posters

    Fix general poster to leave up "Codehub varannan tisdag bla bla"

 ** Videum VR

    4 events during this semester.

 ** Social beer

    Meetup in town to drink a beer.
    <2017-09-12 Tue 20:00> somewhere in town.
    Alex creates the event.

    No update maybe start in october.

 ** Hardware

    Chris have some more events with hardware.

    - Griffel?
    - Combitech?

    Chris and Songho take care of this.

    Chris made an email draft, sending email this week.

** Discord?

    Set up a discord group for meetings on distans and stuff like these.
    look in to it.
    Otto and alex is on it.

** Hoodies

    Alex checks if we can get vector graphics of logos. Else Otto converts it.

** Talking to systemvetare and mediateknik.

    Michael talked to systemvetare second year students and mediateknik first year students about kodkollektivet, will
