DATE: <2017-05-09 Tue 17:00-18:00>

* Positions for this meeting:

  - President: John Herrlin
  - Secretary: Rasmus Sjöström
  - Adjustor: Alex Sp

* Attendants:

  - Rasmus Sjöström
  - Otto Bergman
  - Hatem Houssein
  - Austin Pontén
  - John Herrlin
  - Alex Spottka
  - Johan Rovala
  - Michael Johansson
  - Jakob Heyder
  - Peter Danielsson

* Agenda:

** Sigma Event
   Hackathon rescheduled for next semester, preliminary date is set to 18th of October.
   Johan talks to Sigma about showing up at Nollningen.

** Talk to Schools
   Nothing new yet.

** Danfoss
   Alex has been in mail contact with the company. Preliminary date is set for 19th of
   May. Alex will be in charge of looking up posters, food and a room for the lunch
   seminar.

** Södra hackathon
   40 people have signed up for the event. We expect 30 of them to show up at the
   event.

** New events

   - Wexnet ::
   - Griffel ::
   - Readly ::

** Linnestudenterna
   We are now accepted by Linnestudenterna. We have a PO box at tufvan and can book
   rooms. We are not yet allowed to have our own room/office. To do this we need to
   slightly modify the statues and apply to become 'education observers' at LNU.

** Bank Account
   Kodkollektivet needs a bank account. John and Vahida is responsible for
   this. Application will be handed in sometime between 15th and 19th of May.

** Orientation Day
   Ask Ola to mention / present Kodkollektivet to the first year students during
   orientation. This is low priority but needs to be planned.

** Nollning 2017
   Think about if / how Kodkollektivet should be involved during
   Nollningen 2017. Combitech has shown interest to help out and/or be there. Could we get
   sponsorship for a party tent etc?
