DATE: <2017-05-16 Tue 16:00-17:00>

* Positions for this meeting:

  - President: John Herrlin
  - Secretary: Rasmus Sjöström
  - Adjustor: Alex Sp

* Attendants:

  - Rasmus Sjöström
  - Otto Bergman
  - Hatem Houssein
  - Austin Pontén
  - John Herrlin
  - Vahida Ahmic
  - Alex Spottka
  - Johan Rovala
  - Michael Johansson
  - Jakob Heyder
  - Peter Danielsson
  - Songho Lee
  - Abdi Ahmed
  - Christian Anders


* Agenda:
** Talk to Schools
   Postponed until next year.

** Danfoss Lunch Seminar
   Posters has been put up around the university. Food has been ordered. The event will
   take place next Friday (09/19).

** Sodra Hackathon
   The event was a great success, despite the fact that a lot of signed students did not
   show up or notify their absence. Sodra is interesting in collaborating further next
   year, and perhaps having some sort of monthly events together with Kodkollektivet.

   We need to figure out a way of making sure that when people has signed up, they need to
   actually participate. Otherwise, they need to notify the event planners in time. Could
   biljettkiosken be used even though the events are free? Consider this until next
   semester.

   John will assemble a list of the attendants and people who didnt show up for the event
   and share it with Diana at IEC.

** New Events (for next year)
   - Wexnet ::
   - Griffel ::
   - Readly ::

** Linnestudenterna
   The next step for Kodkollektivet is to become 'education observers'. This is a high
   priority item for next fall.

** Stora IT-Kompetensdagen
   John met with Diana and IT-Samverkan. Ideas about having lunch seminars with companies
   that are interested in IT-Kompetensdagen. This gives students the opportunity to meet
   and get an idea of what companies does what, so they know where to put time and energy
   at the event.

   We want to collaborate with Blekinge Tekniska Hogskola (BTH) for this event. LNU Kalmar
   will also be involved in this.

   Kodkollektivet and students have the opportunity to come with ideas for speakers. A
   good speaker will attract more people.

** Events with International Focus
   Events with a focus on international students and helping them stay in the region after
   graduating will be sponsored by the university. Eriksson is a good target for this type
   of events.

** Bank Account
   Nothing new yet,

** Kodkollektivet Summer Party
   A 'good bye'-party will be held after graduation week. We should try to get sponsorship
   for food and drinks.

*** Kodkollektivet Start
** Orientation Day
   A date will be set for planning and initiating next years plans for
   Kodkollektivet. The date for this will be sometime in mid August.

** Nollning 2017
   A working group is assembled to plan and keep in touch with CombiTech and Sigma about
   the Nollning event. This group consists of Otto Bergman, Rasmus Sjostrom, Alex Spottka
   and is lead by Michael Johansson.

** Members / Event Attendance
   A member system for keeping track of Kodkollektivet members and attendance lists for
   events needs to be put in place. An idea is to reward points/currency for attending
   events and withdrawing points if a student signs up for an event but does not show up.

   This needs to be done during the summer. A working group will work on this, consisting
   of Otto Bergman, Jakob Heyder, Christian Anders and will be lead by John Herrlin.

** New Board
   Deciding the new board will be handled in the start of next semester.
