DATE: <2017-03-21 Tue 16:00-17:00>

* Positions for this meeting:

  - President: John Herrlin
  - Secretary: Rasmus Sjöström
  - Adjustor: Alex Sp

* Attendants:

  - Rasmus Sjöström
  - Otto Bergman
  - Hatem Houssein
  - Abdi Ahmed
  - Austin Pontén
  - John Herrlin
  - Alex Spottka

* Agenda:
** Sigma Event

   Johan presents what they talked about during his meeting with Sigma.
   Hackathon discussed where there is different tasks for different levels of the students.
   Told Sigma about what we do at Kodkollektivet etc.


** Austin contact with Combitech
   <2017-03-21 Tue>

   Austin will get in touch with Combitech and be the contact person in regards to them.
   John and Austin will meet them on Monday <2017-03-27 Mon>.

** More support for maths related events

   Maths is involved in a lot of IT related subjects such as machine learning and VR.

** Team building

   Suggestions for team building has been brought up. Majority vote settled on Boda
   Borg. John will talk to Visma about sponsorship for this event.
   They will look at it tomorrow (<2017-03-22 Wed>).

*** Update
    <2017-03-07 Tue>
    John is working on a mail to Peter Häder at Visma to get sponsorship for the event.

** Talks to schools

   Hatem talked to Eva about going to schools and giving talks.
   There were maybe two schools to talk too.


** Lanparty

   5 Maj, Jönköping
   We could work with them and attend that event.
   Jönköping have teams playing games and the school is really in to this.
   Alex takes care of it.
   We wanna do something here in Växjö to.
   Start a working group.

*** <2017-03-14 Tue>

    Working group started.
    Marketing started and 22 people signed up so far.
    Talked to ER and the university for sponsorship.
    Started a discord channel for students at the university.
    Bus cost for 50 man bus is 5300 kr from Hjalmarssons.

*** <2017-03-21 Tue>

    Trying to get sponsors and find out how much money it will cost per person.
    How can we handle money.

** Södra Hackathon

   We are planning a hackathon on the 6-7 May with Södra.

*** <2017-03-21 Tue>

    New date: 29-30 April
    Other dates that would work: May 13-14

** Student servers

   As many students wanna test and deploy stuff.
   Maybe the university could provide som resources for that.
   When IT department throws away old hardware, that could be provided to the students.
   It would be awesome to get like 1 or 2 public IP addresses to use.
   John created a Trello note for it.

** Strategy for helping new board

   Setting up something that will help new boards getting new members and how to deal
   with the different problems and things that will arise.
   Having one new board member do a walk beside for when organizing events so they get
   to know the contacts in person and gets comfortable with the role.
   Evaluation of the event at the trello board after every event.

** Discussion about the gaming branch

   Will be decided next week if it is to be part of Kodkollektivet or as a separate organization.


   Should the gaming be a new organization?
   - No :: 0
   - Yes :: 7

** CodeHub sponsorship

   Austin writing a template about prices and offers.

** Talkers for next IT-kompetensdagen

   - Richad Stallman
   - Frans Rosen
   - Jonas Lejon
   - Someone from Säkerhet

** New events

   - Wexnet :: 10-13 April, 18-21 April
   - Griffel ::
   - Readly ::
