DATE: <2017-04-25 Tue 17:00-18:00>

* Positions for this meeting:

  - President: Rasmus Sjöström
  - Secretary: John Herrlin
  - Adjustor: Alex Sp

* Attendants:

  - Rasmus Sjöström
  - Otto Bergman
  - Hatem Houssein
  - Abdi Ahmed
  - Austin Pontén
  - John Herrlin
  - Alex Spottka
  - Johan Rovala
  - Michael Johansson

* Agenda:
** Changed statues

   We have got feedback from Linnestudenterna.

   The major changes of the statues was removing the specific responsibilities for the board member positions.
   Also changed some grammar.

   Votes on chaning the statues:
   9 people agreed on changing the statues.

   Rasmus and Michael talks to Christoffer (Linnestudenterna) before Friday.

** Sigma event

   Mailed Martin, Otto will join when organizing the event.

** Lunch seminar with Combitech

   Room is booked, food is ordered.

** Next Codehub

   Jakob Heyder will talk.
   Austin talks to LNU if we could get sponsor for food and drinks.

** Teambuilding

   John fixes the car tomorrow.
   If it cost more we take from our own money.

** Talk to schools

   Ludde will go!

** Danfoss

   Alex talks to them. They are looking for summerwork. They are interested in people from
   3ed grade. No problem for international students.

   Try to get a lunch seminar.

** Lanparty

   The tickets have not been sold as expected and if not more people get a ticket we
   cancel the event.

** Södra hackathon

   Try to get poster from the international organization.

   Go and talk on lectures, to attract new students.
   Hatem will go and talk.

** New events

   - Wexnet :: 10-13 April, 18-21 April
   - Griffel ::
   - Readly ::
