DATE: <2017-03-07 Tue 16:00-17:00>

* Positions for this meeting:

  - President: John Herrlin
  - Secretary: Otto Bergman
  - Adjustor: Alex Sp

* Attendants:

  - Johan Rovala
  - Otto Bergman
  - Hatem
  - Abdi
  - Austin
  - Daniel Hamrin
  - John Herrlin
  - Vahida
  - Alex Sp

* Agenda:

** Gymnasiedagarna 16/3

   Närvarande för gymnasiedagarna samt storlek för tröja:
   - Alex Spottka M Svart
   - Otto Bergman M Svart
   - Hatem Houssein S Svart
   - Rasmus Sjöström M Svart
   - Vahida Ahmic XS (girl, minsta) Svart
   - John Herrlin S Svart
   - Austin Pontén M Svart

   The money recieved will go to kodkollektivet, this was decided by a unanimous vote.

*** Updates
    <2017-03-07 Tue>

    We have got an amount of 10 000 kr that we can use for good stuff.
    Tomorrow before lunch you need to go and pick up a hoodie.

    We meet at Kristinas 17:00. 8 Mars together with people from Media Technology.

**** Name badges

     Alex Spottka - Network Security
     Otto Bergman - Network Security
     Rasmus Sjöström - Network Security
     Vahida Ahmic - Enterprising & Business Development
     John Herrlin - Network Security
     Austin Pontén - Network Security

** Marketing our school

   Hatem has suggested that we market our programs to different schools in the local region.
   As a result we should be accommodated for it by LNU.

*** Update
    <2017-03-07 Tue>

    Hatem will talk to Eva Nilsson at Linnestudenterna and see if this can be done.

** Shaping the education

   Johan suggests that we discuss with companies what they wish LNU had in their education
   plan.

** Team building

   Suggestions for team building has been brought up. Majority vote settled on Boda
   Borg. John will talk to Visma about sponsorship for this event.

*** Update
    <2017-03-07 Tue>
    John is working on a mail to Peter Häder at Visma to get sponsorship for the event.

** Event

   Jessica at Electrolux in Ljungby.
   Working with human resources.
   She wanna have a talk about human resources.
   Vahida takes care of the event.
   We should fix sponsorship.

** Lanparty

   5 Maj, Jönköping
   We could work with them and attend that event.
   Jönköping have teams playing games and the school is really in to this.
   Alex takes care of it.
   We wanna do something here in Växjö to.
   Start a working group.

** Södra Hackathon

   We are planning a hackathon on the 6-7 May with Södra.

** Student servers

   As many students wanna test and deploy stuff.
   Maybe the university could provide som resources for that.
   When IT department throws away old hardware, that could be provided to the students.
   It would be awesome to get like 1 or 2 public IP addresses to use.
   John created a Trello note for it.
