# Board Election 2019 on the 7th of May 2019

# Attendance list 
1. Julia
2. Ryan
3. Anton
4. Lucian
5. Marcus
6. Louise
7. Jordan
8. Ebtisam
9. Ruslan
10. Alireza
11. Tomas
12. Alain
13. Michael
14. Cheab
15. Ramine
16. Fartun
17. Koushika
18. Mureil
19. Andreas
20. Friend of Lucian?

# Vote format
For/Against/Abstain

# §1 Election of chair, secretary and adjustor

## Meeting chair

- Only Julia proposed: 18/0/0

## Meeting secretary

- Only Ryan proposed: 18/0/0

## Meeting adjustor

- Only Anton proposed: 18/0/0

## Announcement of meeting

- Was the meeting properly announced: 19/0/0

------------------------------------------------------------------

# Julia Opens the meeting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

## §2 Organisation

### §2.1 Membership rights

All members can attend, vote, speak, and make proposals at the big meeting. 

### §2.1.1 Temporary exclusion

At the big meeting, a person can be removed from voting, speaking, or being present at the meeting. They are not allowed to be a part of a decision or even a part of the decision making process.

### §2.2 Decision making

Decisions are taken by simple majority. Voting by proxy is not allowed. For every decision the members have to be online in Slack and vote on the issue. Therefore, both campus and distance members can take part in the decision making process. If votes are even the chair has the deciding vote. Under "other questions" will it not consider issues relating to costs. The big meeting is quorate.

### §2.3 Election process of board positions

When choosing the positions of the board, all members are entitled to nominate a candidate for each. All nominees and the candidate should be given the chance to present themselves and why they want to possess the position.

### §2.4 Protocol process

Big meetings must be recorded. The protocol shall be completed within two (2) weeks after a meeting.

### §2.4.1 Adjustment of protocol

Protocol of the big meeting shall be adjusted and signed by the chairman of the meeting, meeting secretary, and the adjustor.

### §2.5 Determining fiscal year

The association's financial year extends from 1 September to 31 August of the following calendar year.

-------------------------------------------------------

## §3 Membership & Changes to statutes

### §3.1 Membership fee

Membership is obtained for a semester by participating in the registration of members and payment of the membership.
The vote is to keep the membership fee as 0 kr: 16/3/0 PASSED

The membership fee for 2019/2020 will be 0 SEK.

### §3.2 Changes to statutes
- 75% of attending people at Election Meeting required to change statutes. 75% of 19 is 15. With 15 or more people for statutes changes, the change will be applied.

#### 1. Proposed change

- Current: A person is entitled to membership as long as they are registered as student at Linnaeus University and paid membership for the semester.

- Proposed: A person is a member of Kodkollektivet if the person is registered in the internal communication tool used by Kodkollektivet and paid membership for the semester.

- POSTPONED: Clarification with Linnéstudenterna needed.

# Member Joined the Meeting! 
--> still 15 or more votes needed for statue changes!

#### 2. Proposed change

- Current: The association's financial year extends from 1st of September to 31st of August of the following calendar year.

- Proposed: The association's financial year extends from 1st of May to 30th of April of the following calendar year.

- 19/0/1 PASSED

#### 3. Proposed change

- Current: A call to a general meeting, as well as a preliminary agenda §3.2.1, is posted on the association's website at least two (2) weeks before the due date.

- Proposed: A call to a general meeting, as well as a preliminary agenda §3.2.1, is posted on the association's Internet presence, e.g. Social Media, internal communication tool or website, at least two (2) weeks before the due date.

- 20/0/0 PASSED

#### 4. Proposed change

- Current: General meetings must be recorded. These should be posted on the association's website and must be archived. The protocol must be completed within four (4) weeks after a meeting.

- Proposed: General meetings must be recorded. These should be posted on the association's Internet presence, e.g. Social Media, internal communication tool or website, and must be archived. The protocol must be completed within four (4) weeks after a meeting.

- 17/1/2 PASSED

#### 5. Proposed change

- Current: The semester meeting is a general meeting that must be held at the beginning of each semester.

- Proposed: The yearly Board Election meeting is a general meeting that must be held in April/May of each academic year.

- 11/0/9 FAILURE

#### 6. Proposed change

- Current: Board meetings must be recorded. These should be posted on the association's website and must be archived. Minutes must be completed within four (4) weeks after a meeting.

- Proposed: Board meetings must be recorded. These should be posted on the association's Internet presence, e.g. Social Media, internal communication tool or website, and must be archived. Minutes must be completed within four (4) weeks after a meeting.

- 17/0/3 PASSED

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## §4 Election of board positions
The Board is the leadership of the association. The Board consists at least of the following members:

### §4.1 President

- Proposed: Lucian Dragos: 18/1/1: PASSED

- Proposed: Ramine: REFUSED

- Proposed: Marcus: REFUSED

### §4.2 Vice President

- Proposed: Marcus Mueller: 20/0/0: PASSED

- Proposed: BB: REFUSED


### §4.3 Treasurer
- Proposed: Louise Jakobsson: 19/0/1: PASSED

- Proposed: Thomas: REFUSED

- Proposed: Michael: REFUSED


### §4.4 Board members

Board members are allowed to:
*    Participate in board meetings
*    Have the right to vote, talk, and discuss in decisions made by the board

#### §4.4.1 Inofficial positions
Board members can have several positions in the board (inofficial positions):

##### Marketing Manager

-Proposed: Jordan Gorrell: 20/0/0: PASSED

-Proposed: Julia Ostheimer: REFUSED

##### Codehub responsible

-Proposed A: Alireza Rajouldezfooly: FAILED

-Proposed B: Ebtisam Mohammedsalih: PASSED

- A/B/Abstain: 7/8/5: BB

##### Infrastructure manager

-Proposed: Rulsan Abdulin: 19/0/1 PASSED

-Proposed: Michael Johansson: REFUSED

##### Fika & Logistics Manager

-Proposed: Alireza Rajouldezfooly: 19/0/1: PASSED

-Proposed: Cheab: REFUSED

------------------------------------------------------

## §5 Accounting
### §5.1 Financial report of last academic year
The financial report was being presented.

### §5.2 Determining the next fiscal years’ budget
The budget for this academic year was being presented.

### §5.3 Electing Accountant

-Proposed: Tomas Bylund: PASSED

-Proposed: Koushika Kumar: FAILURE

-T/K/M: 11/5/4

## §6 Other issues
/

# Julia calls meeting adjourned
