# Board meeting 20th of November 2018
## Attendance
- Julia
- Tomas
- Yuri
- Lucian
- Koushika
- BB
- Jordan
- Louise
- Marcus
- Annie
- Ryan
- William
- Michael
- Ryan
- Alain

## What happened after the last board meeting? 
- Fixed Lunch Lecture with Jordbruksverket about Test-Driven Development (06.02.2019)
- Welcome messages sent out to all companies, including new contacts (Volvo, ATEA, IBM)
- Sponsorship Career Day :)
- BIG Växjö Hackathon planned

## COMMON BOARD ISSUES
### Big Data Conference (29-30/11/2018)
- 6 people per day, working shiftwise --> we have to guarantee that the transit is smooth
- Full names needed for Hoodies: Amata Anantaprayoon, Louise Jakobson (both), Cristian Babes, Yuri, Fartun Jama, Etow Ramine Tambue, Ebtisam Mohammedsalih,	Lucian Dragos (both), Annie Göransson, Marcus Mueller, Julia Ostheimer
- picking up Hoodies from Copycenter in advance! (black Hoodies)
- Thursday - Shift 1 (8.30-12.30): 
- Thursday - Shift 2 (12.30-16.30):
- Friday - Shift 1 (8.45-12): Yuri, Annie, 
- Friday - Shift 2 (12-15): Julia, Marcus
- I will let them know when to pick up their hoodies

### Lunch lectures & teacher events
- Improving topics list - we need your help: documents/ideas/lunch-lecture_topics.md

### Hjälp campus hjälpa - Musikhjälpen 2018
- Musikhjälpen is a nationwide charityproject that happens every year in Sweden
- event is broadcasted both through radio and television
- this year´s charity will focus on "Everyone has a right to function in their own way"
- RadioLUR in campus Växjö start an own broadcast to help collect money. We do this through RadioLUR
- asking if you in Kodkollektivet want to talk on the broadcast for about 50 minutes (13-14 December)
- SOMEONE INTERESTED?? --> BB can do it :)

### Photoshoot of board members
- Chris could be the photographer

### Teambuilding event
- Saturday, 24 November starting at 6pm
- Delivery service: Hungrig.se, Maestro, onlinepizza.se, MAX
- BB will ask VIS about how to get a room
- Drinks, snacks?
- Fika team brings Fika stuff
- Board games: Louping Looie, cards,
- movies?
- What else?

## REPORT FROM SUBTEAMS
### Marketing & Social Media Team
#### Hoodies
- outcome of survey
- Voting on KK owning the hoodies or trying to get individual hoodies  --> post this later in Slack

#### CodeHub Poster
- short descripton of CodeHub --> Done
- Lucian will adapt the Code Hub poster

#### Design
- new updated Kodkollektivet cover photo --> font needs to be defined --> ASKING JOHN
- former font was paid one...that is a problem
- Lucian created a new cover photo 

- team for corporate design --> meeting after board meeting (slogan, fonts,...)

### CodeHub responsibles
?

### Fika team
- New storage room, reply from Mark

### Infrastructure
?

### Kalmar link
?

### Account management
?

## Others
### Money from Silvia?
- Her topic for money: for networking and international students, companies!
- Contacting her asap: silvia.anderchen@lnu.se

### IT Youth Center
- idea of creation of IT-focued youth center
