DATE: <2017-10-10 Tue 17:00>


* Agenda
** Member system

   Michael talkes to Fortnox.
   Also for accountant software.

** Bank account

   John will mail Swedbank.
   Swish.

** Stora IT-kompetensdagen

   Michael talks to Diana.
   Lunch lectures

   This companies will be at Stora IT-kompetensdagen and it would be nice if we could have
   lunch seminars with them before.

   - Tecnau
   - Gears of leo
   - Infomaker Scandinavia
   - Fortnox
   - Visma
   - Play'n Go
   - IST
   - Cybercom Sweden

     Ask diana about wexnet, griffel and other ISP (hardware companies)

     *** NEW updates
        18 companies
        need to spread the word to everyone we know :)
        

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    15-20 companies will be attending this year.

    No lunch lectures planned yet.

*** 2017-10-12 updates

    9/11 play'n'go and CGI lunch lecture

** Global Entrepreneurship Week Dayhack

   No update

   Dagshackathon.

   Global Entrepreneurship Week, 13-19 Nov Måndag - Söndag, vad sägs om Lördagen 18?

   Drivhuset är det som driver det.
   Videum är med på ett hörn med en nätverksträff.

   Kör det på biljettkiosken för anmälan, brandad med Kodkollektivet.

   Köra det under en dag:
   09:00 Start och into, enkel macka.
   12:00 Lunch
   17:00 Presentation
   18:00 Middag och dryck

   Få med någon ifrån kodkollektiv2et till en styrgrupp, Vahida?
   Vahida, kolla med EBD. Erik Rosell kan vara bra.
   Fixa studenter som är sugna.
   Tanken är att bygga grupper på 4 pers med 2 utvecklare och 2 EBDare.
   Sedan är det en panel som bestämmer.

   Vi räknar med ~20 studenter.

   Sätta ihop en panel där sponsor också kan få sitta med.

*** 2017-09-12 updates.

    EHVS want payment for advertisments, maybe posters are better.
    Meeting again 13/9 -2017
    Problem for event something about some communityproblem.
    Vahida should update Amar on this.

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    No updates

    John gives him a call.

** Design

   Ahmadreza

   front end
   logos and stuff

   Chris knows this.

** Videum VR

   Videum VR has a projectleader. Paul maybe as kodkollektivet contact??
   first event someware after exams, end of october early november.
   Johan updates Stefan at videum.

** Hardware event

   Chris has sent out emails.
   Austin updates, DataCenter in älmhult.

*** 2017-10-10 updates.
    Michael Should mail Jakob in kalmar.
    No updates.

** Chris host

   - [X] Hosting mailserver
   - [X] Website
   - [X] Calendar

** Discord?

   Alex fixed it!

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    What do we think, should we migrate?
    We did a vote, 5 vs 0 to Slack.
    Slack will be our primary communication application for now.

** Hoodies

   Alex checks if we can get vector graphics of logos. Else Otto converts it.
   Mellis sister trys to convert it.

   No update.

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    No update.

** "Meet the kodkollektivet event"

   check with stallarna about cost and time?
   consoles?
   pizza?
   drinking games
   biljettkiosken 50 ppl max?
   workers?
   date?

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    Move this event till november.
    Marcus and julia will lead the event from now

** CodeHub

   New speakers?
   - Chriss :: Imageprocessing (ImageMagick) 10/10 -17 Invite designers! Sponsored by Södra
   - Ahmadreza :: React native 24/10 -17 ! Sponsored by Infomaker.
   - John? :: Emacs? 31/10? maybe IST as sponsor

** Kodkollektivet server

   Michael will talk to Johan Leitet about getting some server resources.
   First we wanna have a Screeps competition.

   Talked to Johan will come more updates when he has time

** Möte med Zenta
   2017-10-03

   Aida, Rasmus, Patrik, John

   1. Lunchföreläsning, datum?
      Återkom med datum til Aida.
      aidaqueenofthenorth@zenta.se

      No thursdays.
      16 November is Stora IT-kompetensdagen.

   2. Kvällsevent, Industri 4.0

   MakerSpace blir först om ett halvår?

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    Patrik is working on getting a date for the lunch lecture. No date is set.
    The days they can choose from are 1 Nov and 8 Nov.

** Teknikum

   Go and talk to students.
   - John Herrlin, SV
   - Ahmadreza, EN
   - Maria Ulan
   - Michael, Backup

   4 hours, 14 Oktober.

*** 2017-10-10 updates.

    Be at Teknikum at 9:00 and 14:00.

** Kalmar/Spik

   Michael and Diana was in Kalmar and talked to the students. The organization in Kalmar
   is called Spik. With help from the teachers and old president of Spik we should create a
   Kodkollektivet instance in Kalmar.

   We wanna try to do events with Spik soon.

   They are going to have a LAN in December, we are welcome to join it. This should NOT be
   post in Facebook but could be posted in Slack. (We decided some time ago that
   Kodkollektivet should not be involved in gaming, that should be its own community.)

   They are interested in us steaming our events.

** Meetings

   We wanna have board meetings each second week. We think its better to have it on the
   same day as we have the CodeHub. Next meeting will be in two week (24/10).

** Sigma event

   We should do an event soon.
