# Board meeting 9th of April 2019
## Attendance
- Julia
- Marcus
- Lucian
- Ryan
- Louise
- Tomas
- Alain
- Jordan
- Cheab
- Fartun
- Alireza
- Cris
- Koushika

## What happened after the last board meeting? 
- Open.Science.Hack was big success!
- Lunch Lecture with Experis on the 24th of April
- IST Career Mingle Evening on 2nd of May: http://career.ist.com/jobs/213418-ist-career-mingle-evening
- Softhouse wants another chance? --> event in their place
- Event with Visma in May
- Softwerk invites board members to Friday night

## COMMON BOARD ISSUES
### Project: New Homepage
- Alain will change website to Kodkollektivet Github repository

### Cooperation with Studiefr채mjandet?
- BOARD HAS VOTED FOR THE COOPERATION --> Marcus as cirkelledare is in contact with Studiefr채mjandet
- Assigned cirkelledare needs to report CodeHubs/events to Studiefr채mjandet (through web page)

### Board Election on 7th of May!!!
- Scheduled before summer break to not have the problem of a "dead summer"/loosing company contacts
- May: New president will closely work together with Julia
- TODO: Informing about board election in FB LATEST on 23rd of April (2 weeks prior notice)
- AGENA: has to be locked one week before
- What else should we put as changes in the statutes? --> Writing down suggestions! --> creating file in GitHub
- We should put up an Election Committee
- TODO: Tomas is searching for statutes from another organization

#### Positions for the new board
- President
- Vice President
- Accounting Person/Treasurer
- Logistics manager
- Marketing manager
- Codehub responsible
- Infrastructure manager
- VOTE: Having side-project manager as separate position, incorporated in Vice-President or not at all?
- VOTE: Having Kalmar Link
--> TODO: Until Friday Subteams write a short job description

### Cooperation with W채dur
- Status quo? Vison for the future?
- Keep it as it as now

## REPORT FROM SUBTEAMS
### Marketing & Social Media Team
?

### Account management
- Workshop/Training with new accounting team --> When?
- Writing a date in the channel to meet up!

### CodeHub responsibles
- trying out a new format - panel discussion

### Fika team
- A cart for transporting fika/dishes between office and kitchen --> Marcus searches for carts

### Infrastructure
- Binero account is created --> John has our account information, can transfer it
- Slack: keep having the service Nextcloud or not?  --> voting next board meeting

### Kalmar link
?
