# Board meeting 19th of August 2019
### §1 Opening of the meeting
### §2 Election of Adjuster
	Adjuster - BB
	Chairperson - Ruslan
### §3 Approval of previous minutes
	- Approved
### §4 Approval of the Agenda
	- Approved
### §5 Next meeting
	
	- Tuesday, September 24th, 2019

### §6 Infrastructure
- Domain transfer
	* Ruslan: Domain transfer still in progress, still waiting on John.
- Youtube channel
	* Record first CodeHub for editing practice, though not posting due to the general topic

### §7 CodeHub
- Preparation for the first code hub (17 Sep)
	* Lucian gives introduction to Kodkollektivet
	* Intro to two programs by BB and Marcus
	* Kahoot - Most points over course of the semester gets a prize? Or one small prize per CodeHub? Tabled until next meeting
	* Mingling

### §8 Marketing
- Display board in H building
- General post about Kodkollektivet on Vaxjo Campus
	* Post about CodeHubs and post link

### §9 Logistics
- List of all "things" owned by Kodkollektivet
	* Tabled again

### §10 Treasurer + Account management
- Reciepts procedure

### §11 President & Vice
- OSH Credentials
- Visma Afterschool-Afterwork (need to set a date)
- New opportunities:
   collaboration with Videum
	* Videum would like us to stay, but there needs to be some sort of collaboration 
	  if they will sponsor us.
 
	If interested, we need to give Videum:
		+ KK's Vision, Aims
		+ KK's Plans for the year
		+ Ideas for collaboration (more information needed from Videum to define "collaboration")
			- Workshops

	* Ruslan will ask for more information on Tuesday, September 10th.
	  What is needed for a sufficient collaboration?

   collaboration with Marcello
	* Work opportunity for KK members. Offering 100 hours of work.
	* Teacher assistance for distance work
	* Clarify if he's more interested in genuine collaboration or just job offers

   collaboration with ITgarden

### §12 Upcoming activities/events
- First code hub (17 Sep)
- Microbit Workshop(1st October?)
- Virtual Box Workshop (1st November?)
- IT Career Day (11th Nov)
- Big Data Conference (5-6 Dec)
- Math Biannual (16-17 Jan)

### §13 Previous activities/events
### §14 Office matters
- New office	
### §15 Other issues

- Semester Meeting
	* See if date can be settled on Slack, as time is getting away from us.

### §16 Meeting adjourned


Attendance:
- Tomas
- Ali
- Ruslan
- BB
- Jordan



