# Board meeting 3th of Mar 2020

### Opening of the meeting

Meeting opened at 17.03

### Election of Secretary & Adjuster

Louise is elected secretary.
Marcus is elected adjuster

### Approval of previous minutes

The board approves of the previous minutes

### Approval of the Agenda

The board approves of today's agenda

### Infrastructure

- Video How to Nail job interview

The video is done and Ruslan has sent it to Fanny (the presenter on the video). When she approves
it we can upload it to the youtube channel.

- Video on Agile development

Ruslan will start working on this video next.

- c-Panel spam

Spam email, probably virus. Do not open because we do not have anything on c-panel.

### CodeHub

- Spelkollektivet

Next tuesday two indie game developers are presenting the codehub, coming from Spelkollektivet in Väckelsång. 

### Marketing

- Post open positions

Jordan has posted about open board positions Codehub Logistics position and Infrastructure Manager. 
There is one applicant, discussed on the next point on the agenda. 

- Nicko Prototype testing - should we post about it?

Sylvia has emailed about an event and wants us to post about it in our channels. Jordan will post on 
Facebook and Slack.

- The cheat sheet

Not yet posted by Jordan. He will do it. 

### Board positions

- An applicant detected

One person has written an email saying he is interested in the Codehub Logistics position. 
Ruslan will invite him to the next Codehub to present ourselves and him, and the board will decide 
to elect him or not.

### Logistics

The Codehub fika has been below budget so far. 
We are currently using the fridge at Videum. The board might consider buying a fridge, 
it will be discussed further after a budget for next year has been established.

### Treasurer + Account management

- Income & Outcome, current status analisys

Ruslan has gone through the income vs outcome of our account and it is reasonable he says.
The regular spendings are Codehub fika. 

### President & Vice

- Slack channel at course press

Marcus will email and ask if we can remove the previous slack channel we have, and instead 
create a private one only for board members.

- Companies we need to send messages to
    * Volvo
    * IKEA
    * Danfoss
    * Consid
    * Bontouch
    * Griffel

Marcus and Ruslan created an email template to send emails to companies about cooperations.
We still need to send email to Volvo and IKEA. And the board suggests Danfoss, Consid, Griffel and Bontouch.

### Upcoming activities/events

- AMÅR March 4th https://en.amar.nu/

We do not participate in Amår. 

- lunch lecture with Kvadrat

Marcus and Ruslan had a meeting with Kvadrat. They are a consultant company but where the consultants are independent contractors. They are interested in having a Lunch Lecture at the university with us. 

Ruslan and Marcus suggested the late of March. They will email back to confirm a date.

- Experis - 15 April

Experis wants an event the 15th of April. Marcus will send them an email about further details, we will suggest to come visit them for an evening event.

- lunch lecture with Jordbruksverket - Canceled

Jordbruksverket says they are short-staffed and cannot do it. 

- Fortnox - 13 May

Marcus will get more details. 

### Office matters

- Access to storage

Ruslan has asked about getting access to the storage, they are figuring out how to give us access and are supposed to get back to Ruslan.

- Keys for the office room

Ruslan will buy a coded box to put a key in to open the office. 

### Other issues

- Open Hours - Thursday 17-19

Open for us and for all our members. Anyone can come and enjoy the facilities and work on projects. 
The innovation lab is booked for us every Thursday. 
Jordan will make a post that we might repost recurrently. 

### Meeting adjourned

Meeting closed at 18.16
