
# Board meeting 18th of Feb 2020
### Opening of the meeting

The meeting is opened at 18:20.

### Election of Secretary & Adjuster

Louise is voted secretary.
Marcus is voted adjuster.

### Approval of previous minutes

The previous minutes are approved.

### Approval of the Agenda

The agenda for this meeting is approved.

### Previous activities/events
- Welcome fair
- Python Workshop
- Kompetenssamverkan IT på Videum Science Park – Stefan Uppman bjuder
- Codehub with John
- VR 2.17

Ruslan thanks us for the work we have done in a short retrospective. 

### Infrastructure
- DropBox

The board are now using dropbox for our file-sharing.

### CodeHub
- Carrier night or Codehub 25th Feb

The board votes for pushing the Codehub back to the 10th. This because of the career night attracting many of our members.

### Marketing
- Post open positions
- The cheat sheet 

Jordan is on it, he will post about the codehub logistics position and _____.
He will also check up on the cheat sheet so that it is up to date and send it to Ola. 

### Logistics

Nothing new to report.
 
### Treasurer + Account management
- Income & Outcome, current status

We currently have 15 000 kr in our account. 
Marcus will look at our cooperation with studiefrämjandet and see if we can get help(money) for fika costs from codehubs (our study circles). 

### President & Vice
- Slack channel at course press

Marcus has investigated coursepress slack, KK has a channel in slack. It is not sure that we are able to use it or if it is only for paid plans.
Seems like people outside of Computer Science cannot have access, and therefore it is not for us.
The board has decided Marcus will contact Leitet and see if we can set up another closed KK Board coursepress to not loose older slack messages.

### GitHub
- Need to reorganise

Ruslan has started reorganizing GitHub. Meetings are now organized per year, and meeting protocals and meeting agendas are two different folders.

### Upcoming activities/events
- Updated Calendar
- 25th of February and there are volunteers needed
- AMÅR March 4th https://en.amar.nu/
- Carrier night 25th
- Softhouse event reply
- lunch lecture with Jordbruksverket

Calendar are new and shiny, if we do not have it and want to be invited ask Ruslan or Marcus.
Volunteers for the 25th are set.
AMÅR - the board should meet and walk around in KK hoodies collecting contacts with companies and ask for collaborating. 
Softhouse are not responding, Ruslan will keep contacting him.
Ali has emailed Jordbruksverket, will email and suggest the 4th of march or the 18th of march. 
 
### Office matters
- Access to storage
- Keys for the office room

Marcus will email about getting access to our basement storage again, since right now we cannot sell our furniture because they cannot come and view them.
The key is currently in the innovation lab, Marcus suggests we should put it in a safer container with a combination lock and put it in the alternative room closer to our room. 

### Other issues
- Open Hours - Thursday 17-19

Ruslan and Marcus are in the innovation lab on thursdays at this time to work on projects. The suggestion is to hold "open hours", just invite our members to work on projects, mob programing or any other activites in the innovation lab. The thought is to create a physical real community instead of only on slack. 
The board concurs that this is a very good idea. 
To go through with this idea we need a doorbell.
As well as make sure that the room is booked every thursday. Ruslan will email. 

### Meeting adjourned

Meeting closed at 19.46. 