# Board meeting 9th of October 2018
## Attendance
- Julia
- BB
- Lucian
- Fartun
- Cheab
- Cris
- Ramine
- Michael
- Tomas
- Marcus
- Alain
- Annie
- William
- Chris
- Shukla
- Evan

## What happened after the last board meeting? 
- 2nd CodeHub about Hacktoberfest was success
- BB and Juli had first contact with Diana and Ola - Diana can complete our list of contacts
- Stronger connection with WiTech through attending After-Work event

## EVENTS
### Big election meeting - deciding on roles in Kodkollektivet
- Big election meeting on Tuesday, 23rd of October 2018
- Sending out information TODAY about Big election meeting in two weeks
- What information is necessary? Only date and time?
- at least one week before: fixed agenda
- Mandatory roles for Linnestudenterna: President, Vice President, Treasurer
- How do we inform Linnestudenterna about new changes --> signed meeting notes --> two copies of the meeting notes (needs to be signed by president and adjustor and secretary)
- Member fees - 0kr
- obligatory for election meeting: secretary (Julia) and adjustor (William) --> meeting notes should be visible online during the meeting and adjustor needs to hear everything
- how to do the voting with distance students: voting by proxy is not possible
- if members request a closed vote: paper and pen - what about the online students?
- who is a member? - we cannot define this before the next election meeting --> this could be part of agenda
- voting online: strict options of voting --> anonymous voting in the general slack channel
- everyone attending the meeting needs to have a device for voting slack
- closed channel on Slack --> polls there + time limitations on each poll
- votes: yes/no/blank
- settings of the poll needs to be proper for different questions
#### internal positions: 
- Head of Kodkollektivet: BB, Julie, ???
- Marketing & Social Media Team: Julie, Cris, ???
- Kalmar branch: William, ???
- Fika team: Cheab, Marcus, ???
- CodeHub responsible: Cris, Alain, ???
- Account manager: Shukla, Tomas, ???
- Systems Administrator: ??? --> Chris - job profile?
--> this could be a back up for the meeting 
https://github.com/Kodkollektivet/documents/blob/master/stadgar/statutes.md


### lunch lectures & teacher events
- creating topics list!
- TO DO: creating thread in board channel --> BB and me can create a list

### Hackathons, etc.
- Updates from Avalon: requested a lunch lecture!!

### External events
- promoting events from Softhouse, AV-Media Kronoberg, etc.? --> using Slack channel

## FIKA
### additional equipment
- Missing items for Fika equipment: water boiler, containers (big & small), coffee thermos

### Cutting costs for Fika at CodeHubs
- Fika costs: 437, 305kr?
- Maybe purchasing stuff at big store? - but most of the things are freshly bought, and we cannot remove VAT
- Facebook Events - Fridays for next CodeHub: clear information on press going -> sign on fika table!

### Place for equipment
- Ola and Diana managed a room
- Who should receive the key? --> Cheab and Marcus contact Ola personally

## BOARD INTERNAL
### Photoshoot of board members
- Chris could be the photographer
- after the big election meeting

### Teambuilding event
- after big election meeting
- suggestions? --> TODO: starting a thread in the board channel

### Meeting room
- How to access the room? - person who is responsible for this room will gives us access to this room

### Accounting training
- Tools for accounting: Nordea, Fortnox, and Biljettkiosken
#### Nordea
- Nordea: yearly fee of bank account!
- Nordea is our bank
- Shukla, Tomas, and BB need to fill out Nordea form (need to have a Bank ID) of taking over the bank account - ASAP!!!! --> Michael needs to hand it in in the bank and we also get a new bank card
- KK has a PlusGiro account

#### Fortnox
- Fortnox is our accounting service
- some documents should be transferred to the new folder of accounting
- old folders can be stored in our storage room
- Fortnox credentials in the folder, everyone can access - it is company based
- Skatteverket has different codes for different expenses
- testing Fortnox account live
- creating a new accounting year - accounting in badges --> bookings do not have to be put in in
- archiving business records for at least 5 years
- maybe thinking of a more automized way to do the double-entry accounting

#### Biljettkiosken (Citypuls AB)
- Michael will send us invites for Biljettkiosken
- Biljettkiosken always takes 6kr service fee each ticket
- for Biljettkiosken the ekonomi@kodkollektivet.se will get a bill --> see examples in the old accounting folder

## INFRASTRUCTURE
- setting up extraordinary meeting? - Wednesday, 10th of October at 10AM. Details in the channel infrastructure
- GDPR statement on Website - William has some knowledge
