# Board Meeting 24th of November

### Opening of the meeting

Start of the meeting at 17.10.
Attendees: Ruslan, Oscar, Johan, Ali, Louise, Jordan, Marcus

### Election of Secretary & Adjuster

Secretary: Louise Jakobsson
Adjuster: Oscar Johansson

### Approval of previous minutes

Previous minutes from 20th of october is approved

### Approval of the Agenda

Agenda is approved

### Infrastructure
* Lock Down

Everything is locked down. Videum is locked down to 26th of november. The new restrictions will prohibit us from having codehubs in person. 
### CodeHub
* Virtual Codehub - pros and cons

We can do nothing or do virtual codehubs. 
Last codehub (remote) 5 people showed up. 
We could do a new concept: try a series of topics - no presentation - less formal - talk to each other and learn together

John would like to do a codehub on Redux.

The board decides to try virtual codehubs but with people (ourselves for example) that do not care if so many people do not join.

* Discord - shall we subscribe ?

It is possible to subscribe monthly. We can subscribe for now, do not need to subscribe for all eternity.

The biggest pro is higher screen resolution for virtual codehubs.

Removes restriction of participants (50+ can join)

The board votes for having it or not:
All in favor of subscribing for a month and try it out.

The board decided to subscribe for 1 month to test
The price 10$/month


* Next speaker - ideas

The same people organising the Codehubs are responsible for organising the virtual codehubs too. 

The virtual codehubs should be more interactive to make people interested to join.

Marcus suggests creating a virtual machine and use temacs? to learn the terminal together

Make a series on how you can work together and collaborate online? Would require some preparation. 

Ask in General channel in Slack and Discord what our members would like to do for virtual codehubs. Try get them involved. Louise will ask. 

Discord server LNU softtech netsec - ask if we can start announcing our events in that server. Marcus will ask.

### Marketing
-
### Logistics
- 
### Treasurer + Account management
* Current balance

11 743,99 kr in the bank account.

From 1st of january the bank fee will increase, from 1100kr to 1300kr. 

Check what it is that we are paying for
Check if we can get business id to be able to use kivra
Louise will try to take a look

### President & Vice
- 

### Upcoming activities/events
* TA programming - status ?

Morgan has allowed us to set up 2h paid TA programming assistance. We dont have a TA. We need to find a TA. 

Prospective TA's should sit down with the first year's to hear what they should be assisting with. 

Oscar will invite a guy he knows. 

### Previous activities/events
### Office matters
 
### Other issues
### Meeting adjourned

Meeting adjourned at 18.05

### TODO

Marcus:

Pay for Nitro
Check for receipt from 27th of october
Ask about if we can post events in LNU sofTech / NetSec

Louise:

Research what we pay for at Nordea
Research if we can get kivra
Write in general and ask 

Oscar:

Talk to Georgios
