# Board Meeting 8th of September

### Opening of the meeting

Meeting is opened at 18.20.
Attending:
- Ruslan Abdulin
- Jordan Gorrell
- Alireza Rajoul
- Marcus Mueller
- Johan Dahl
- Louise Jakobsson
- Tomas Bylund

### Election of Secretary & Adjuster

Louise is elected Secretary
Marcus is selected Adjuster

### Approval of previous minutes

We could not find the previous minutes. Marcus will create proper procedures to make sure it does not happen again. 

### Approval of the Agenda

Board approves the agenda

### Infrastructure
- WebSite monitoring
We need a way to check that the website is up and running. It is currently hosted on Ruslan's Raspberry Pie. 
**Ruslan and Marcus will look into putting the website on Github pages**
- Ask university to provide a simple server for Kodkollektivet 
University might help us. But probably only if we have a good reason for what we will use it for. 
**Continue talking with Morgan about it**
**Security shepard would be cool to set up**
**Talk with videum if they could help us**
**We could do Xibo content**

### CodeHub
- First CodeHub 15th September 
**Marcus messages Alain about CodeHub**
**Ali would like to invite some cool programmers from Fortnox**
**Louise will give Ali notes on ideas for Codehubs**

### Marketing
- Cheat Sheet
**Jordan will send the Cheat Sheet TODAY. The rest of the board *will* all check this!**

### Logistics
- Furnitures to sell
Marcus has a picture on what we have to sell. Marcus has access to them in the videum storage.

### Treasurer + Account management
**Louise will look over the budget for the year and look over what we have planned on doing**

### President & Vice
* Sending a letter to companies
**Marcus and Ruslan are sending emails to the companies *TODAY***
* Organise a meeting with John
Message John and set up a meeting to discuss his idea *at a bar with beer*. An advisory board for example so that when the board change there is support to be found for the new board.
**Ruslan will message John**

### Upcoming activities/events
* Sammi's lecture about 3d printing

We should join the event as well as market it
**Jordan has marketed**
**We should register**

* Some tech event coming to videum
**Jordan will market in our channels**

### Previous activities/events
### Office matters

### Other issues
- Mob programming 
  We are talking with Fortnox about participating in their mob programming activities some time in one of their open source programs. It will be over skype. Will we join individually or all together? Do we want to be part of it and code, or just watch? Sometime between 8-16 on a weekday. 
    - We plan on a physical mob programming session at Videum Innovation Lab
    - Invite members by sign up
    - Introduce mob programming a little before joining Skype
    - We would love to try being a driver
    - How long would be good to have/join the session?
    - Let's do a mob programming follow up event with Code katas
    - How about the 23rd of september, preferably afternoon.
- Email Alliases
Change from personal names to "president" / "vicepresident" / "treasurer"
**Change them!!**
- Create a routine over board minutes
**Ruslan will set up a hackMD account (for Kodkollektivet would be good) as well as sync it to Github**
**Marcus will write down adjuster instructions**
- Discuss about what to do about company connected events
**Come up with a plan for this soonish**
- Are we marketing our discord channel again to slackers?
**Sure why not**
**Ask on slack if peeps would prefer to move to discord for these reasons rada-da-da**
- Code katas
**Follow up mob programming code kata**
- What would Johan like to do in the board
We need people. Johan will try to bridge us with the new civilingenj√∂rer.
**Johan will mull it over and we will decide down the road about responsibilities**


### Meeting adjourned

Meeting close at 20.00. 

### TODO

- Send list over to reception (Silvia) about which are our board members
- Market that we are looking for people to join the board
- Codehub idea : look at open source projects 
- Marcus will put the board positions in our repo so we know for future reference
**Ruslan will buy bluetooth speaker as price from kahoot**
**Jordan will take responsibility over the kahoot**